victoria coren Mitchell journalist
author TV presenter and poker player a
TPT three London Vicky made history in
her local casino by becoming the first
female champion on the tour bikash or
675 give me nice round of applause
we'd have to wait seven seasons before
she made history again in season 10 at
the PCA Mike McDonald was set to become
the EP T's first two-time champ it's a
nice congrats Dominic but i am just
gutted for mike mcdonald but again we
waited fast forward to san remo and the
poker world was holding its breath the
entire poker world calling for a deuce
no ace no King no 1007 alright bass
player in the history season of the
European posted sir so in two main event
cycles and I cannot think of a better
ambassador for the game and just look at
the emotion on her face she doesn't even
believe it's over I'm in some kind of
combination of shock and disbelief if
time it had been the first person to win
to it easily could have been people
would go what I could never emulate that
and I hope they look at me and go I
could do that too and the truth because
they really could